Create a new GitHub repository called "git-exercise".

Clone the repository to your local machine.

Create a new file called "README.md" in the repository.

Use Git to add the file to the repository and commit the change with a meaningful commit message.

Create a new branch called "feature" and switch to it.

Edit the "README.md" file to add some content and commit the change with a meaningful commit message.

Switch back to the "main" branch.

Merge the "feature" branch into the "main" branch.

Push the changes to the GitHub repository.

Create a new branch called "bugfix" and switch to it.

Edit the "README.md" file to fix a typo and commit the change with a meaningful commit message.

Switch back to the "main" branch.

Create a pull request to merge the "bugfix" branch into the "main" branch.

Review the pull request and merge it into the "main" branch.

Pull the changes to your local machine.

Create a new branch called "experiment" and switch to it.

Create a new file called "experiment.py" in the repository.

Use Git to add the file to the repository and commit the change with a meaningful commit message.

Push the changes to the GitHub repository.

Create a pull request to merge the "experiment" branch into the "main" branch.

Review the pull request and reject it.

Switch back to the "experiment" branch.

Edit the "experiment.py" file to fix a bug and commit the change with a meaningful commit message.

Push the changes to the GitHub repository.

Create a new pull request to merge the "experiment" branch into the "main" branch.

Review the pull request and merge it into the "main" branch.

Pull the changes to your local machine.

Delete the "bugfix" and "experiment" branches.

Use Git to tag the current version of the repository with a meaningful tag name.

Push the tag to the GitHub repository.

Verify that the tag has been created on GitHub.

Delete the local repository.

Clone the repository to a new directory on your local machine.

Verify that the tag has been cloned to the new directory.

Delete the remote repository on GitHub.