Objective:

To test your understanding of file permissions and users in Linux.

Instructions:

Create a new directory called "permissions-exercise" in your home directory.

Create a subdirectory called "files" inside the "permissions-exercise" directory.

Create three empty text files called "file1.txt", "file2.txt", and "file3.txt" inside the "files" directory.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the files have been created.

Change the owner of "file1.txt" to the user "alice" using the "chown" command.

Change the group ownership of "file2.txt" to the group "developers" using the "chgrp" command.

Use the "chmod" command to give the owner of "file1.txt" read, write, and execute permissions, and give read permissions to everyone else.

Use the "chmod" command to give the group "developers" read and write permissions, and give read permissions to everyone else.

Use the "chmod" command to give "file3.txt" read and write permissions to the owner, and no permissions to anyone else.

Use the "ls -l" command to verify that the permissions have been set correctly.

Create a new user called "bob" using the "adduser" command.

Use the "passwd" command to set a password for the "bob" user.

Use the "chown" command to change the owner of "file2.txt" to the "bob" user.

Use the "ls -l" command to verify that the owner of "file2.txt" has been changed to "bob".

Log in as the "bob" user using the "su" command.

Attempt to read the contents of "file2.txt" using the "cat" command.

Use the "exit" command to return to your original user account.

Use the "chown" command to change the owner of "file3.txt" to the user "bob".

Use the "chgrp" command to change the group ownership of "file3.txt" to the group "developers".

Use the "chmod" command to give the group "developers" read and write permissions, and no permissions to anyone else.

Use the "ls -l" command to verify that the permissions have been set correctly.

Use the "su" command to log in as the "bob" user.

Use the "cat" command to read the contents of "file3.txt".

Use the "echo" command to add a line of text to "file3.txt".

Use the "exit" command to return to your original user account.

Use the "ls -l" command to verify that the contents of "file3.txt" have been modified.

Use the "chmod" command to revoke all permissions for "file3.txt".

Use the "su" command to log in as the "bob" user.

Attempt to read the contents of "file3.txt" using the "cat" command.

Use the "exit" command to return to your original user account.

Use the "tar" command to create a compressed archive of the "permissions-exercise" directory.

Use the "gzip" command to compress the archive even further.

Use the "scp" command to copy the archive to a remote server.

Use the "ssh" command to log in to the remote server.

Use the "ls" command to verify that the